Update Roadmap-and-Backlog.md (#1342)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Product-Strategy/Roadmap-and-Backlog.md

| User can log in using login.gov | Complete
| Users with appropriate privileges can manage users | Complete
| Users can upload data files by section and quarter | Complete
| Users with appropriate privileges can download files that were previously uploaded     | Complete
|Create production environment | In Progress

## Release 1: Secure access and upload to TDP
Value Delivered: ACF employees can use a secure method to log into the system; this would require a PIV/CAC card.

> Our first release to production will include the functionality built for ATO (above) and also include secure ways for users to access the system via ACF AMS for ACF users and NextGen XMS/Login.gov for non-ACF users. It is important these measures are put into place before sensitive production data is uploaded to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our first release to production will include the functionality built for ATO (above) and also include secure ways for users to access the system via ACF AMS for ACF users and NextGen XMS/Login.gov for non-ACF users. It is important that these measures are put into place before sensitive production data is uploaded to the system.
```

The team is also investigating options for optimizing permission management and strategy as a part of this release. 
| Outcome | Status | 
| -------- | ------- | 
| Privileged ACF users are required to login with PIV/CAC credentials | In Progress
| Permissions Configuration | Complete
| Secret key leakage prevention | Nearly Complete
| Production Deployment | In Progress

## Release 2: Early Secure Release

> Value Delivered: Allow users to securely upload data into our system, replacing a less secure way of doing so while increasing communication with the users and not increasing burden for OFA Admin staff. This replease will include a workflow that 8 Tribes can pilot the use of login, upload and download of files. While this type of workflow isn't our long term workflow, including it at this point delivers value to the users quicker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value Delivered: Allow users to securely upload data into our system, replacing a less secure way of doing so while increasing communication with the users and not increasing burden for OFA Admin staff. This release will include a workflow for 8 Tribes to pilot the use of login, upload and download of files. While this type of workflow isn't our long term workflow, including it at this point delivers value to the users quicker. 
```

| Files successfully transferred to ACF server | Not Started
| Files uploaded by STT user(s) are successfully entered into the existing TDRS system | Not Started

## Release 3: Parity, Data Parsing, Automated Status, Notifications

> Value Delivered: Create a database that will parse data, communicate error messages to the user that are easier to read and act upon. This release will allow us to onboard users and eventually depreciate the TANF Data Reporting System.

Reviewer 2: Just a terminology tweak here: I'd say "Create a software system with a relational database that will...."

> Value Delivered: Create a database that will parse data, communicate error messages to the user that are easier to read and act upon. This release will allow us to onboard users and eventually depreciate the TANF Data Reporting System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value Delivered: Create a software system with a relational database that will parse data, communicate error messages to the user that are easier to read and act upon. This release will allow us to onboard more users and eventually deprecate the TANF Data Reporting System.
```
